MNM documentation update for Birthday Week 2024! Let's Go! (#17044)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/magic-network-monitoring/magic-network-monitoring-free.mdx

pcx_content_type: reference
sidebar:
  order: 8
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Magic Network Monitoring free version
---

The free version of Magic Network Monitoring (MNM) is generally available to everyone with a Cloudflare account by default.

> All free customers are encouraged to join [Cloudflare’s Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/cloudflaredev) to discuss the use cases, configuration, and troubleshooting of Magic Network Monitoring. Free customers are always welcome to provide product feedback and discuss feature requests. The product and engineering team that works on Magic Network Monitoring regularly engages with the Discord community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All free customers are encouraged to join [Cloudflare's Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/cloudflaredev) to discuss the use cases, configuration, and troubleshooting of Magic Network Monitoring. Free customers are always welcome to provide product feedback and discuss feature requests. The product and engineering team that works on Magic Network Monitoring regularly engages with the Discord community.
```
